Welcome back everyone.
And this lecture we're going to discuss ordering fields on the admin page now.
By default the admin will display fields in the detail view in the same order they are defined in the
model.
We can easily change that with a few edits in the admin that py file.
Let me show you how I'm first going to show you what the original default detail view looks like and
then show you how you can edit it.
Let's hop over to our editor and our browser.
OK so I have my browser here open in front of my editor and I first want to show you the default views
for the models so we can think of it when we click customers and then we click on a particular customer.
I can see this detail view of that customer and then come back to videos that take a look at the movies
select the title of a movie.
I can see the title length release here now.
Maybe you want to have these in a different order right now.
By default they're in the same order that they are the finden in the model itself.
Let me show you how we can change the order of this detail view for these different fields.
We'll come back to videos and then we're going to move this browser aside and do the actual edits in
our Adam and that PI file.
So come over to Adam and up-I which is going to be underneath our application.
So under videos and that pie.
And so far we've just registered models the customer and models that movie in order to actually order
the fields.
We'd end up doing is you create a new class and this class is going to be called Movie admen and it's
going to inherit from admen the model admen.
Now this actual naming structure by convention what it should be is the name of your model and then
adamant attached to it.
So I want this class to be kind of in relation to this model's not movie class.
The other one we could say customer adamant that offer that we end up adding an attribute called fields
and the field is just a list.
Member list is a particular sequence of an index and it's going to be the actual fields of whatever
model you're referring to in this case movies.
And it puts them in the order you want.
So if we take a look at models right now and we take a look at a movie it has a title a length and release
year.
Let's try to make the release year the first thing and then have title and length afterwards.
So we'll come back to movie adman and we'll say Release your and then we'll say title and then we make
sure with the last one was it was length.
So we're going to save those changes.
And the last thing I want to do is we now want to register this class with along with the actual model
so we'll say models that movie and then Khama.
We're also going to register movie admen now save that and let's bring in our browser again.
So here's my browser.
I'm going to just refresh this.
Make sure those changes are good and will hit all movies hit on Indiana Jones.
And we notice now the release here is the first thing showed.
Then it goes title and then it goes length for this particular example.
It wasn't a big deal to change the orders but oftentimes you'll have some sort of relational field and
that will is going to be really useful to have at the top that we can kind of choose OK which other
model is it related to etc..
Hopefully you can see here you have full flexibility on the way you want to see these and where or do
you want to see these.
OK.
That's really all there is to it.
As a quick review all you end up doing is you create a new class with the name your model and then Adelman.
So that's by convention you inherit from admin model admin and then you create an attribute called fields
and then you just list the fields in the order you want them to appear in.
And then you register that along with your original model.
Thanks Ron and I'll see the next lecture.